- [Instructor] So now that we've gone through the JCA
and cryptography, you may be asking yourself what's next.
And I'd like to talk a little bit through that.
But before we jump in, let's do a quick recap
on what we focused on in this course.
We started with a general discussion of cryptography
and crypto in java itself.
We looked at the history of cryptography
and we talked about some terminology
so that we could level set on the language
that we're all using when discussing crypto.
We then went into discussions of encryption,
both asymmetric and symmetric
and did code examples of both of those.
We then talked about cryptographic hashing
and how to create a method to do a cryptographic hash.
We dug in a little bit into the complexity
of password hashing and talked about leveraging B crypt
for passwords in your real world scenarios today.
And finally we concluded with a discussion
of both digital signatures and Java KeyStores.
So what is next after that?
I highly encourage you to investigate
the other algorithms that are available in JCE.
There's slight variations in the way that you use them
and the only way to really experience them
is to get practice with them.
In addition to understanding the algorithms in the JCE,
it also would benefit you to investigate
when to use which algorithm.
Some of them are not supported by the JCE,
which is when you might then
jump into library like Bouncy Castle,
which I highly encourage you to read about,
study, and understand when it's worth bringing
that large jar into your class path.
And as always when it comes to technology,
I encourage you to play with it and learn.
The only way you're really gonna get crypto in Java
is to do several iterations on it
until it becomes second nature.
Now I really wanna take some time to thank you
for the time that you've dedicated in this course.
And I want to insure you that my commitment to you
does not end when you close your browser today.
In reality, my commitment to all of my courses
continues long after they're actually published.
I get responses quite often from followers on Twitter
and you can follow me @fpmoles and tweet at me
if you have questions about this or any of my courses
here in the LinkedIn learning library.
I also do collaborate with people when they have concerns
through my GitHub account, which is github.com/fpmoles.
So once again, thank you for your time,
and I really hope that you've gotten something valuable
out of Java Cryptography.
So until next time, thank you and happy learning.